Name: Rendering a window to play the game in.
Demonstrated by: launching the program and creating a new window for the game.
Notes: Display a JPanel inside of a JFrame.

Name: Menu gui.
Demonstrated by: launching the game and seeing a menu before initializing the game.
Notes: Adding JButtons for playing the game or accessing a help menu.

Name: Create player object with jumping physics.
Demonstrated by: a jumping player object appearing on screen when the game is played.
Notes: Create an algorithm for smooth player jumping and falling sequences.
Related to: Algorithms.

Name: Taking user keyboard input for movement.
Demonstrated by: pressing a button on your keyboard and seeing an object move.
Notes: Add a KeyListener to the frame and track keyboard inputs.

Name: Create platform objects.
Demonstrated by: visible objects upon launching the game and pressing play.
Notes: Add proper constructor and relevant object methods.
Related to: Algorithms.

Name: Player-platform interactions.
Demonstrated by: the player jumping on a platform and going up.
Notes: Create an algorithm to register when the player is colliding with a platform.
Related to: Algorithms.

Name: Procedural generation for the level.
Demonstrated by: procedurally appearing platforms as the player moves up.
Notes: Create algorithm to generate platform and lowering the amount the higher the player goes.
Related to: Algorithms.

Name: "Camera" following player.
Demonstrated by: The game screen following the player as it goes up.
Notes: Create algorithm for smooth and convenient camera movements.
Related to: Algorithms.

Name: Platforms with different functionalities.
Demonstrated by: platforms that possess unique traits such as moving side to side.
Notes: Make a way to differentiate platforms and add methods for their functions.
Related to: Algorithms.

Name: Sprites for objects.
Demonstrated by: nice looking pictures representing the objects.
Notes: Learn how to display images.

Name: Enemies.
Demonstrated by: sprites that appear as the player goes up, which kill the player when it touches them.
Notes: Integrate procedural generation for the enemies.
Related to: Algorithms.

Name: Player shooting ability.
Demonstrated by: the player being able to shoot pellets upwards to kill enemies.
Notes: Create class for bullets and add methods to detect collision with enemies and make the bullet move.
Related to: Algorithms.

Name: Score system.
Demonstrated by: an increasing counter as the player goes up.
Notes: Find a way to track how high the player goes and display it as a score.

Topics of choice:
1. Version control with git and Github. Link to repository: https://github.com/LeGusto/Sketch-Hop
2. Algorithms.